wow that's a tough one my favorite this own to to size I would say my
favorite place to live or favorite places to live we'll probably be
you because because a pair and Jacksonville Florida I say you cruise
go because it was a total culture shock and it was just an awesome
place to to live you know you see the different cultures you see how
they their customs how that through the traditions that they live by
and and just the ease of of of being a foreigner and living in a different
country was just an amazing experience also living in Jacksonville
you know I'm a born and raised Georgia boys so been ejected
rules like been in south Georgia so I'm the biggest Georgia Bulldogs
fan there is so of course got to go to the Georgia Florida games the
cocktail party and it was just also be around family and friends while
also being able to go to work and you know serve the country